README.md, before:

# awesome-minekube
A curated list of awesome community written frameworks, libraries and software depending on Minekube open source.

# Gate

_Projects using [Gate](https://gate.minekube.com/)._

- [minekube/gate-plugin-template](https://github.com/minekube/gate-plugin-template) - A starter template for creating your awesome Minecraft proxy powered by Minekube Gate! 🚀 Fork it!
- [EmortalMC/GateProxy](https://github.com/EmortalMC/GateProxy) - The extended Gate proxy used by the EmortalMC minigames network.
- [dilllxd/dylanpterodactyleggs](https://github.com/dilllxd/dylanpterodactyleggs/tree/main/minecraft/gate) - A Pterodactyl Panel egg designed to make running Gate as easy as possible, including easy version control and Gate Lite support!
- [Git-Fal7/friend-for-gate](https://github.com/Git-Fal7/friend-for-gate) - A friend system for the gate proxy.
- [csmc/proxy](https://github.com/community-sourced-minecraft/proxy) - A proxy server for a Community Sourced Minecraft Server
- [dilllxd/dylanpufferpaneltemplates](https://github.com/dilllxd/dylanpufferpaneltemplates/tree/main/minecraft/gate) - A PufferPanel template designed to make running Gate as easy as possible, including easy version control and Gate Lite support!

# Connect

_Projects using [Connect](https://connect.minekube.com/)._

- example - Add your server or project here

Commit message:

Add Git-Fal7/gate-simplecommand. (#6)

README.md, after:

# awesome-minekube
A curated list of awesome community written frameworks, libraries and software depending on Minekube open source.

# Gate

_Projects using [Gate](https://gate.minekube.com/)._

- [minekube/gate-plugin-template](https://github.com/minekube/gate-plugin-template) - A starter template for creating your awesome Minecraft proxy powered by Minekube Gate! 🚀 Fork it!
- [EmortalMC/GateProxy](https://github.com/EmortalMC/GateProxy) - The extended Gate proxy used by the EmortalMC minigames network.
- [dilllxd/dylanpterodactyleggs](https://github.com/dilllxd/dylanpterodactyleggs/tree/main/minecraft/gate) - A Pterodactyl Panel egg designed to make running Gate as easy as possible, including easy version control and Gate Lite support!
- [Git-Fal7/friend-for-gate](https://github.com/Git-Fal7/friend-for-gate) - A friend system for the gate proxy.
- [csmc/proxy](https://github.com/community-sourced-minecraft/proxy) - A proxy server for a Community Sourced Minecraft Server
- [dilllxd/dylanpufferpaneltemplates](https://github.com/dilllxd/dylanpufferpaneltemplates/tree/main/minecraft/gate) - A PufferPanel template designed to make running Gate as easy as possible, including easy version control and Gate Lite support!
- [Git-Fal7/gate-simplecommand](https://github.com/Git-Fal7/gate-simplecommand) -  Port of SimpleCommand from velocity.

# Connect

_Projects using [Connect](https://connect.minekube.com/)._

- example - Add your server or project here
